h1. UI Module

{toc}

This module help you to use various javascript / css frameworks like :

* **Blueprint** ("blueprintcss.org":http://blueprintcss.org/)
** Bundled version(s) : 1.0.1 (+ 0.9.1)

"Get more info on Blueprint macros ...":blueprint

bq. Blueprint is a CSS framework, which aims to cut down on your development time. It gives you a solid foundation to build your project on top of, with an easy-to-use grid, sensible typography, useful plugins, and even a stylesheet for printing.

* **jQuery** ( "jquery.com":http://jquery.com/)
** Bundled version(s) : 1.4.4 (+ 1.4.2 + 1.4.3) / 1.5.2

"Get more info on jQuery macros ...":jquery

bq. jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development. jQuery is designed to change the way that you write JavaScript.

* **jQuery UI**  ("jqueryui.com":http://jqueryui.com/)
** Bundled version(s) : 1.8.1 / 1.8.11

"Get more info on jQuery UI macros ...":jquery-ui

bq. jQuery UI provides abstractions for low-level interaction and animation, advanced effects and high-level, themeable widgets, built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library, that you can use to build highly interactive web applications.

* **TinyMCE** ("tinymce.moxiecode.com":http://tinymce.moxiecode.com/) : powerfull platform independent web based Javascript HTML WYSIWYG editor control
** Bundled version(s) : 3.4.2 (+ 3.3.6)

bq. TinyMCE is a platform independent web based Javascript HTML WYSIWYG editor control released as Open Source under LGPL by Moxiecode Systems AB. It has the ability to convert HTML TEXTAREA fields or other HTML elements to editor instances. TinyMCE is very easy to integrate into other Content Management Systems.

"Get more info on TinyMCE macros ...":tinymce

* **SHJS** ("shjs.sourceforge.net":http://shjs.sourceforge.net/)
** Bundled version(s) : 0.6

"Get more info on SHJS macros ...":shjs

bq. SHJS is a JavaScript program which highlights source code passages in HTML documents. Documents using SHJS are highlighted on the client side by the web browser.

* **Menu 01** : a simple horizontal menu

"Get more info on Menu 01 macros ...":menu01

* **Disqus integration** ("disqus.com":http://disqus.com/)

"Get more info on Disqus macros ...":disqus

* **Google Analytics integration** ("www.google.com/analytics":https://www.google.com/analytics/)

"Get more info on Google Analytics macros ...":google-analytics

