h1. SHJS integration

h2. Description

bq. SHJS is a JavaScript program which highlights source code passages in HTML documents. Documents using SHJS are highlighted on the client side by the web browser.

|_Website|_Bundled versions|
|<>"shjs.sourceforge.net":http://shjs.sourceforge.net/|<>0.6|

h2. Configuration

Add the following lines in your application.conf to define the required colorization theme :

bc. plui.shjs.theme=<THE THEME NAME>

**theme liste :** acid, berries-dark, berries-light, bipolar, blacknblue, bright, contrast, darkblue, darkness, desert, dull, easter, emacs, golden, greenlcd, ide-anjuta, ide-codewarrior, ide-devcpp, ide-eclipse, ide-kdev, ide-msvcpp, kwrite, matlab, navy, nedit, neon, night, pablo, peachpuff, print, rand01, style, the, typical, vampire, vim-dark, vim, whatis, whitengrey, zellner


h2. Bundled Macros

h3. #{ui.shjs.css}

Insert the following macro in the html page header section :

bc. <head>
    ...
    #{ui.shjs.css /}
    ...
</head>

will generate the necessary stylesheet links

h3. #{ui.shjs.js}

Insert the following macro in the html page header section :

bc. <head>
    ...
    #{ui.shjs.js /}
    ...
</head>

will generate the necessary javascript stuff

h3. #{ui.shjs.code.XXXX}

This macro is will decorate a string of code in the XXXX specified language.

The list of supported languages is : css, diff, html, java, javascript, properties, sh, sql, xml

* exemple : colorization of java code

bc. #{ui.shjs.code.java}
public class Foo {
	public Foo() {
	}
	public String getBar() {
		return "bar";
	}
}
#{/ui.shjs.code.java}
